Summaries (#1107)
radiantearth/stac-spec: collection-spec/collection-spec.md

Collections are *strongly recommended* to provide summaries of the values of fields that they can expect from the `properties` 
of STAC Items contained in this Collection. This enables users to get a good sense of what the ranges and potential values of 
different fields in the Collection are, without having to inspect a number of Items (or crawl them exhaustively to get a definitive answer). 

> Summaries help to fully define Collections, especially if they don't link to any Items. They also give clients enough information to 

Author: I originally found this reference to `fully define Collections` confusing since if there are no Items referenced in the collection the summary would be empty from the definition above. Can an Item be `contained` in a Collection but not referenced?

Reviewer: Yeah, that line is confusing. I don't think an item can be in a collection but not referenced. This is more meant to describe Standalone Collections, that use summaries to give an overview of their data, but don't actually link to items. 

```suggestion
Summaries are often used to give users a sense of the data in [Standalone Collections](#standalone-collections), describing the potential values even when it can't be accessed as Items. They also give clients enough information to 
```

build tailored user interfaces for querying the data, by presenting the potential values that are available.

>  Fields selected to be included in summaries should consider all the field's values in every Item underneath the collection, including in any nested sub-Catalogs.

Reviewer: 'consider' feels a bit weak to me, like they could think about using it and decide not to.

```suggestion
 Fields selected to be included in summaries should capture all the potential values of the field that appear in every Item underneath the collection, including in any nested sub-Catalogs.
```

Collections are *strongly recommended* to provide summaries of the values of fields that they can expect from the `properties` 
of STAC Items contained in this Collection. This enables users to get a good sense of what the ranges and potential values of 
different fields in the Collection are, without having to inspect a number of Items (or crawl them exhaustively to get a definitive answer). 

> Summaries are often used to give users a sense of the data in [Standalone Collections](#standalone-collections), describing the potential values even when it can't be accessed as Items. They also give clients enough information to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Summaries are often used to give users a sense of the data in [Standalone Collections](#standalone-collections),
describing the potential values even when it can't be accessed as Items. They also give clients enough information to 
```
